Documentation for algorithm templating (#292)
comic/evalutils: docs/usage.rst

-------------------

This guide will show you how to use ``evalutils`` to generate an algorithm
container for `Grand Challenge`_. In this example we will call our project
``myproject``, substitute your project name wherever you see this.

Prerequisites
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before you start you will need to have:

* A local `docker`_ installation
* Some test images for your algorithm, preferably with expected output

Generate The Project Structure
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Evalutils contains a project generator based on `CookieCutter`_ that you can
use to generate the boilerplate for your algorithm.
Once you have installed evalutils you can see the options with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ evalutils init algorithm --help

Say that you want to create an evaluation for ``myproject``, you can initialize
it with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ evalutils init algorithm myproject

You will then be prompted to choose an algorithm type:

.. code-block:: console

    $ What kind of algorithm is this? [Classification|Segmentation|Detection]:

so type in your algorithm type and press <enter>.
The different algorithm types that you can select are:

- **Classification**:

>     This type of algorithm takes in an image (eg, ITK images or a collection of PNGs) and outputs a `/output/results.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This type of algorithm takes in an image (an ITK image or a tif file) and outputs a `/output/results.json` file.
```
